update staticmemory section of the manual (#214)
wolfSSL/documentation: wolfSSL/src/chapter04.md

This functionality was added in versions of wolfSSL after version 5.7.0.

#### Debug Memory Callback

When using static memory allocation with the `WOLFSSL_STATIC_MEMORY_DEBUG_CALLBACK` build option, you can set a debug callback function using `void wolfSSL_SetDebugMemoryCb(DebugMemoryCb cb)`. This callback is called during memory allocation and deallocation operations to provide debugging information about memory usage.

The callback function signature is:
```c
typedef void (*DebugMemoryCb)(size_t sz, int bucketSz, byte st, int type);
```

Where:
- `sz` is the requested size
- `bucketSz` is the bucket size used
- `st` is the status (0=alloc, 1=fail, 2=free, 3=init)
- `type` is the memory type

#### Unloading Static Memory

When you're done using static memory allocation, you should call `void wc_UnloadStaticMemory(WOLFSSL_HEAP_HINT* heap)` to properly free the static memory heap and associated mutex. This ensures proper cleanup of resources.

#### Advanced Static Buffer Size Calculation

> The function `int wolfSSL_StaticBufferSz_ex(unsigned int listSz, const word32 *sizeList, const word32 *distList, byte* buffer, word32 sz, int flag)` allows you to calculate the required buffer size for static memory allocation with custom bucket sizes and distributions. This is useful when you want to optimize memory usage for your specific application needs.

Reviewer: I think "calculates required buffer size", while not wrong, might not provide enough clarity for a reader just familiarizing themselves with the feature.  Maybe something a little more explicit like this: 
 ```suggestion
 The function `int wolfSSL_StaticBufferSz_ex(unsigned int listSz, const word32 *sizeList, const word32 *distList, byte* buffer, word32 sz, int flag)` is a pre-allocation planning tool that calculates how much of a given buffer can be effectively used for static memory allocation,  based on specified bucket sizes and distribution. It returns the usable portion of the buffer that fits the complete memory buckets, excluding any unusable leftover space. This is useful for sizing and tuning static memory pools to maximize utilization and reduce  overall memory usage.
```
